Adding amGithubNotifier (#234)
prometheus/test-infra: README.md

## Overview of the manifest files
The `/manifest` directory contains all the kubernetes manifest files.
- `cluster.yaml` : This is used to create the Main Node.
- `cluster-infra/` : These are the persistent components of the Main Node.

> - `prombench/` : These resources are created and destoryed for each prombench test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `prombench/` : These resources are created and destroyed for each prombench test.
```

- `prow/` : Resources for deploying [prow](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/prow/), which is used to trigger tests from GitHub comments.

## Setup prombench
### Create the Main Node
---
- Create a new project on Google Cloud.
- Create a [Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/creating-managing-service-accounts) on GKE with role `Kubernetes Engine Service Agent` & `Kubernetes Engine Admin`. If using gcloud cli add the [`roles/container.admin`](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/iam#kubernetes-engine-roles) and [`roles/iam.serviceAccountUser`](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/iam#service_account_user) roles to the GCP serviceAccount and download the json file.

> - Set the following environment variables and deploy the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    -v ZONE:$ZONE -v CLUSTER_NAME:$CLUSTER_NAME -f manifests/cluster.yaml
```

### Deploy monitoring components
> Collecting, monitoring and displaying the test results

---

- [Optional] If used with the Github integration generate a GitHub auth token.
  * Login with the [Prombot account](https://github.com/prombot) and generate a [new auth token](https://github.com/settings/tokens).
  * With permissions: `public_repo`, `read:org`, `write:discussion`.
- Set the following environment variables
```
export GCLOUD_SERVICEACCOUNT_CLIENT_EMAIL=<client-email present in service-account.json>
export GRAFANA_ADMIN_PASSWORD=password

> export DOMAIN_NAME=prombench.prometheus.io // Can be set to any other custom domain.

Reviewer: export DOMAIN_NAME=prombench.prometheus.io // Can be set to any other custom domain or an empty string when not used with the Github integration.

> `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` is needed for the k8s provider after [#222](https://github.com/prometheus/prombench/pull/222), long term plan is to remove this env var and pass the value of the file directly to the k8s provider.

> ### Deploy monitoring infra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy monitoring components
```

> > This is used for collecting, monitoring and displaying the test results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Collecting, monitoring and displaying the test results.
```

---

> - Generate a GitHub auth token that will be used to authenticate when sending requests to the GitHub API.

Reviewer: I think it would be usefull to know that we can trigger tests manually and the github integration is optional.

```suggestion
- [Optional] If used with the Github integration generate a GitHub auth token.
```

Author: ~but this section is about `Deploy monitoring components` and `amGithubNotifier` is part of it and requires the `OAUTH_TOKEN`~

There's another section `Start a benchmarking test manually` it does not mention anything about Github integration.

~Mentioning it as optional will make the README instruction inconsistent. what do you think?~

  * Login with the [Prombot account](https://github.com/prombot) and generate a [new auth token](https://github.com/settings/tokens).
  * With permissions: `public_repo`, `read:org`, `write:discussion`.
- Set the following environment variables
```
export GCLOUD_SERVICEACCOUNT_CLIENT_EMAIL=<client-email present in service-account.json>
export GRAFANA_ADMIN_PASSWORD=password

> export DOMAIN_NAME=prombench.prometheus.io // Can be set to any other custom domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export DOMAIN_NAME=prombench.prometheus.io // Can be set to any other custom domain or set to an empty string when not used with the Github integration.
```

> export OAUTH_TOKEN=<generated token from github>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export OAUTH_TOKEN=<generated token from github or set to an empty string " ">
```

> > This is used to monitor GitHub comments and starts new tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Github integration - monitoring GitHub comments to starts new tests.
```

---

> - Set the following environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
